Amanda: Hello.
Amanda: Hi. Hi, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god, I am so sorry.
Amanda: No, don't worry about it. Can you know I was really going to try to cancel today, just because I had water for four days.
Why
Amanda: I'm so
Amanda: I don't know if I ever told you, but I like I live in condos, but different landlords like now I don't have different on this. I have a landlord for personal lives and a's and the same landlord is d
Amanda: You know what I'm saying.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Other people own the units. Okay.
Amanda: Yeah, those are a through f on your side energy. And then there's 822 bedroom, then on the right on the other side or the same thing.
Amanda: There was a leak in apartment. A so my download it can say, Okay, let's go fish. If they have to ask a silly or whoever.
Amanda: They all have to come to an agreement to fix it. Well, they drilled a hole in her apartment, turn the water on and pipe tip busting
Amanda: And now they're right next to my apartment. They turn the water on last night and it busted again.
Amanda: I'm not entirely sure it was not going to stop busting. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Amanda: I've been connecting a hose. I've been trying to I'm trying to connect to host my neighbor across the way, like the host and my shower, I could take a shower.
Amanda: Oh my god.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Crazy.
Amanda: It is
Amanda: I can go to the KLA and take a shower. The truck stops to let
Amanda: Me know
Amanda: When I leave her house.
Amanda: He asked, yea, or
Amanda: No, I don't want to not not take a shower.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I totally understand that not they take you to shower ship. I get it.
Amanda: They offered for me to take a shower and there, please. But, and I had to quit shower shoes on it.
Amanda: really picky person.
Amanda: To run a garden hose and hold it over my head.
Amanda: That's what I was trying to do. And I was like, Oh man, I'm not going to cancel this right I get what I supposed to do you buy my ticket. The mask.
Amanda: You have to go water to flush the toilet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Amanda: Yeah, I mean, I've done this before. When I, we've done a mountain. It's not like I'm not used to it. It's just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you're done with it.
Amanda: I just want to live in apartment.
Amanda: I almost 60 miles away from the next city or town. I usually two miles away from the road.
Amanda: So I know how it is. But yeah, definitely come to the city. You don't have to do this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And any so there's no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No timeframe, but that they're gonna have your water gone
Amanda: THEY'VE BEEN TRYING. DAY headed on but every time they turn it on. It reeks more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it sounds like they need a whole new plumbing job in the building.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not feeling
Amanda: Like we have a link to try it again. These buildings are actually to feel the same year I was born. So that's 43 years ago.
Amanda: 44 and I'm pretty sure as far as their down right now.
Amanda: And we all have ceramic tile on our floors, all of us, but the first girls a change it and date they update it hurts. She has network stuff.
Amanda: But, um, I don't have the same cabinets minor new cabinets everybody else has the original cabinets. But you can see him handy that's 40 years ago, I don't think it's ever been changed.
Amanda: Oh wow, everybody to leak when they're doing the other department. You can see the roof rolling
Amanda: Yeah, why
Amanda: Don't we give everything changed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Probably not.
Amanda: I don't doubt that they're going to keep breaking it. It might not. It might. No, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what's the solution for you to be able to have a shower and get comfortable.
Amanda: Nothing.
Amanda: I don't get. I won't get comfortable because I have to get the kids, the kids water. The dogs water, stuff like that. I just only have to go to the bathroom.
Amanda: I won't be controversial. There's water, but it's not like I'm not. I'm fallacious I'm trying to do this to them asking the neighbor to help me.
Amanda: Traffic. Make sure to host it or to make sure it reaches and
Amanda: I don't want to do it that dork. But you know what I mean.
Amanda: Yeah, just
Amanda: Sharing cold water.
Amanda: Oh, not only dad.
Amanda: So we didn't have any hot water first pass through the chairs, you know, have didn't have always came home and we don't have no water even rejected water 50 skill and have hot water hot water group.
Amanda: Michelle one. I wonder
Amanda: I never all of us.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So even if you have water, you don't have hot water because the water heater needs to be taken.
Yep.
Amanda: Yeah, my fridge isn't really keeping stuff called anymore.
Amanda: Tell him about that problem right now.
Amanda: It is
Amanda: Raining on me. I mean, I know I'm going through it, but I'm not paying for it. There's people that own their property here. They own it. They don't pay rent.
Amanda: And she doesn't have water either. I've been have I've been going to help her wash her toys.
Amanda: Oh wow, old and she can't really carry that. Okay. And if she did. I don't think ever really flush your toilet because it means like five gallons to flush.
Amanda: Yeah I flush it down the toilet and I feel too bad. So whenever I need the bathroom and all flesh it like
Amanda: She brings us like little one gallon or two gallon bucket. I don't think she ever really flushes it
Amanda: I've been going out and helping her
Amanda: She hasn't asked. I see her, and then
Amanda: She takes you and I offer
Amanda: That's nice, really nice. It's not me that it's just there. But now I have two buckets that I put for everybody to use and
Amanda: Nobody's gonna say, oh, can I use this, what can I use it, nobody
Amanda: Nobody should have to ask if I have it. I'm going to put it out there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really nice of you.
Amanda: I feel that they work two or three in the morning, the other day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is crazy.
Amanda: Everything closes at eight o'clock.
Amanda: Yeah you pack.
Amanda: I know just everything sucks.
Amanda: I don't give you money, you can handle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I like Amanda I like your attitude about it. I like the fact that you're going out there and you're helping that lady and that you're having compassion for what those guys are going through whether trying to fix your water.
Amanda: Is hard work.
Amanda: This is my
Amanda: hold water is not easy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is from the lady who talks about communicating in a rude way.
Amanda: That's what I
Amanda: That's what I believe everybody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your, your behaviors are so compassionate, you know,
Amanda: Which I'm really rude.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that you can come off. I think prospect if people don't know you, that you can come off to people in that manner about who you are in your heart is somebody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Completely different.
Amanda: Than what people see them.
Amanda: So they know me. They don't like that. But that's the problem that I'm having is that come off through really I don't give a shit.
Amanda: You know, let me ask you this, you don't pay my rent you pay my bills. I don't really care.
Amanda: Right. They don't want to be like that like
Amanda: I just
Amanda: I walked in my head down the scroll up just go swimming related
Amanda: Related to you, like me, that's why.
Amanda: I come to talk to you.
I
Amanda: Mean you didn't say nothing, nothing, you
Amanda: Got your vision, your just matter like
Amanda: What do you want me to tell you, or. Let's be friends. You didn't
Amanda: But that's what I'm saying. Like, that's what's your first impression on me. But really, I didn't go to talk to her.
Amanda: Right, just died. I knew she was saying there because I see her never introduced this but I literally stay in my house. I take my dog out to
Amanda: Associate with anybody. It's the morning my face.
Right.
Amanda: I mean, that's you. That's what I'm saying. Like there's no I'm talking to him, whatever. But you're my neighbors for good like my neighbor next door.
Amanda: Their packages were outside and I was like, Well, somebody might see them. So I brought him in
Amanda: So then I give them to her and then ever since then. She's got my package. I've never asked if she ever asked me, but and I don't really like to know my neighbors because Oh can I have this little surety of it, then they just don't need other people's problem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: It's not like that here kind of do. I don't know. And they shouldn't be happy to me because now it's my problem. You know, what have you but
Amanda: Everybody thinks I'm rooted. I mean, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I can tell you that I don't think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're rude or mean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Absolutely not. I see. I think we just need to work on your communication style so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh you muted yourself.
Amanda: Okay.
Amanda: Can you hear
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me. Yeah, I can hear you.
Amanda: I can't we just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think we just need to work on your communication style that's all i think that you know we can work on your pre your beginning presentation. Everything else is going to fall in place, because you have the heart. You have the compassion. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't really care what what people think about you. But here's a great part about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Amanda
In recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In recovery what they teach you in a na is that it's not our business, what other people think about us.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To get us right to get us away from worrying about what other people think of us right
Amanda: I got enough of my own problems. I can't worry about their I'll listen to their problems and I'm in there but
Amanda: I can't help anybody if I can't help myself. I've been to the pros. I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: Like I overdose and I told the girl, not even that much Ellen shot of free time. And I told her I was that was too much. Okay. And my cousin Chelsea called My cousin, and she looked at me like I was a DD
Amanda: You overdose last weekend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god.
You guys have know you and
Amanda: I
Amanda: Can talk. We don't. He looked at me snotty she brought me out here, threw me out after 10 days.
Amanda: I said, Don't put your notes up too high because of what happened.
Amanda: Regression agenda to you. And so you should have. But you did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I forgive you.
Amanda: You didn't, I'm not mad at her. I don't. There's nothing to forgive show I'm your house. I love and I told her, I'm not mad at you like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe you should
Amanda: Even know why you went to two years he to get me to bring you here to just let me out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe you need to give her some of your Narcan
Amanda: And I told her I knew you were drug addicts and she goes, How did you know
Amanda: I've been around in my entire life. Have you looked at me, my entire life.
Amanda: Trying to tell me. I said what we're gonna do. Tell me the truth or
Amanda: Not an argument and who would want you to tap lines yourself through was really going when you really are you as
Amanda: Well, could I told her she wasn't gonna believe we should have light. Keep in mind the entire time. Every addict, doesn't it.
Yeah.
Amanda: I think he was going to overdose or getting those who was going to banner that time.
Amanda: It's okay, because the doctor says
Amanda: Yeah, yeah, you're going to never did drugs in her life only doing it because it Dr gator.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's how a lot of people get started.
Amanda: Yeah, that's what I told her I was like
Amanda: But that's what my family's done to me. My mom died of cirrhosis issues like you're gonna die. Just like your mom. I said, No, no, I promise I'm not wishy washy shipping on wine.
Amanda: To tell me that I'm at my mom's gonna die with my mom.
Amanda: You're just always done that to us. So I don't really, I really care about. So, I mean, I do care about them. But then I don't because
Amanda: You still have to defend myself with people. She liked her mom, the entire time. Everything that I've done, I've always told my parents.
Amanda: Is he likes it or they don't. What are they going to do tell me not to do it. I'm still going to do it.
Amanda: If they told me, don't do it. I don't like it but everything that I've done these numbers shifters or me they've never turned it back on me, but I've never either
Amanda: She said she didn't have nobody to cost you as a mom. We have all kinds of family here. She told the doctor. She didn't have nobody to call she was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She the one, the one to know
Amanda: I said, your, your favorite and you should be doing. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She look at this, you could be in so many ways. Her best advocate.
Amanda: But she never talked to me. She looked down at me.
And now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She's
Amanda: You can always call me I'll never judge you on never let you. I'll just be there.
Amanda: She should have known that from the beginning.
Amanda: I don't know. It's like we're, we're all raised from the same family, but we're different. Yeah.
Amanda: I don't know. I got morals and they all, I just thought you were born with it, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're born with it. Not at all.
Amanda: I know you were born with common sense.
Amanda: It was horrible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Amazon's wasn't around a whole lot in some way.
Amanda: I think you asked me for a job and I'm telling you to work. You're like, looking at me like I'm crazy. I didn't ask you to come here.
Amanda: I was like, what
Amanda: I really I think if people were born with common sense. I didn't know you had to learn it.
Amanda: I really didn't until I took over that simply I didn't know that.
Amanda: Trick
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They either learn it or they don't.
Amanda: I didn't know that I just knew my sister. The same. My parents are the same.
Amanda: Right, I guess, outside of our family. I didn't really. I mean, I knew, other people. And I thought, they just do what they did, because that's their family, but
Amanda: You don't hit your parents. You don't disrespect them and I didn't know that I really thought you were born with common sense. I didn't know that.
Amanda: People just
Amanda: More get older, the more I'm shocked that life is like that.
Amanda: My parents
Amanda: When I knew I got here, these are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now you had a loving
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, nurturing plays
Amanda: A lot of ways, they don't have that.
Amanda: They were drunk a lot, but I still didn't get hit. And when they thought they were not fighting in the room that we could hear
Amanda: Talk, or did whatever we need. If you didn't have a TV, but
Amanda: We just wake up in the morning ever said nothing was passed on Friday and test on Sunday, but you ever hear her.
Amanda: When she always had food on the table.
Is important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, which is important.
Amanda: Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I don't know, like
Amanda: They argue if they were matter, he when he came home and you hear Matt ages in an argument.
Amanda: They wouldn't have room to yell to we heard but
Amanda: They walk out going to they're going to kitchen. We just don't be like, oh, what do you guys see in your room. What I don't know we just weren't nobody
Amanda: Chelsea would tell her parents, her parents out and I'm like, oh my god.
Amanda: She's 10 years younger than me.
Amanda: But her dad. Good job, and her strangling her too. So, I guess. Everybody's nice to me. I just didn't know was like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. We have to learn, common sense.
Amanda: You're raising Melissa and they still don't ever say nothing. I just thought you
Amanda: Said, You really think past much of what I was what my life is. You know what I mean. I just restate what happens behind closed doors behind closed doors don't ask a question. Don't say nothing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: I just I just assumed, I guess.
Amanda: I don't know, just worried about the next person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now you are
Amanda: I mean, I've always been like that but i mean i don't be like oh how your parents or why do you have that bruise on your face. Do you want to tell me, tell me it's not, I'm not gonna I'm gonna pretend it's not there.
Amanda: They don't tell me the business. We're not going to. What if I had a bruise on my face and I don't want to tell them they don't want people asking me, I just don't do unto others what I don't want them to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's nothing wrong with that. There's nothing wrong with that, you know, that's
Amanda: It.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, but it's not
Amanda: I know that now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Society and people in society are really dysfunctional. You know, there's a lot of it and even what people think or normal
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's no such thing of what normal is what is normal, but
Amanda: To the lady the other day I was like
Amanda: Who even knows what that means. What I'm not one of you are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: The lady put her to bed. The other day, what's today Tuesday morning she broke the bed.
Oh,
Amanda: Nothing to do with her, but
Amanda: Was on hold, breaking the masters outside
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh she fell asleep with a cigarette or something.
Amanda: I don't know, like I guess I've learned I go over there, but she never called nothing if we like to was forced to take a shower.
Amanda: He just
Amanda: He doesn't want her to be out in the streets. I don't know. He's been there for two years, but he's ever done that before.
Well,
Amanda: Normal and I could be crazy. Who knows it's like aliens over there. Who knows.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, we never know. You know, the best thing I think to do is is to live our best life for ourselves be our best
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That we can be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, be on guard because society is dangerous, but in the same sense. It's like, you know, showing people can passion. There's nothing wrong with that, helping out as you know you're 70 year old neighbor. There's nothing wrong with that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that's good, that's good stuff and
Amanda: They're not appreciate your help them and they just they're just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like people who yeah you're right. And, you know, at the end of the day, if you're still helping them, even if they're horrible people that shows what good character and integrity, you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not about them, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a remember that to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One thing that I hear from you. I just want to identify that as well, is you do have that baseline. Amanda, you have a great you have great integrity, you have this belief system, you know, that is not bad at all. You know, you're good person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Period. No. If ands, or buts. To me, you're a good person. That is what I see and what I hear. When you and I work together. You try everything you possibly can.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To make sure that you meet our meetings, you know, you, you, you just sat and waited for for how many minutes for me to be able to get through with a crisis client so that we could have our individual. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You could have left and said, I'll reschedule later. Not a big deal, but you didn't you stuck it out and you held true, you know,
Amanda: Because that's what I was taught to do like without your word you're nothing.
It's right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At the end of the day is all we have is our word our integrity and integrity. What is integrity.
Amanda: I don't know.
Amanda: I don't even know you probably tell me, but I'll know again, but I don't really know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doing the right thing when no one's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Watching oh yeah
Amanda: You know that word.
Amanda: And I told my dad today. Remember what I was telling you when I first photo with you. Well, you gotta say it that way. Now we when I say it this way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah, I understand this way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't understand that way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get it, I totally get it.
Amanda: It's just
Amanda: I don't know, I just
Amanda: I don't hang out with anybody, you'll end up screwing you over.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not always.
Amanda: I haven't. I have one friend actually went just was her and we're still friends. Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Hey, you know I told my teenager.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I told my teenager, I say, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We you'll have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 500 different associations, you'll have 500 different girls that you'll meet in school that you think are your good friends, and all of a sudden you'll find out. You're not. You're devastated over the relationships.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you get to be my age. It's like if you have one good friend, you're blessed one good friend that you can talk to you about anything that you can trust with anything you're blessed
Amanda: That's my father.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Amanda: I tell him everything and everything about my period about my boot everything. There's nothing I do. That's what I'm saying. I've never not talked to my parents.
Amanda: I've never had phrase I had acquaintances, I run into. Here we go. Niche that I barely I don't even have friends with my fingers.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See, I don't either. And I'm perfectly okay with the ones that I have
Amanda: This covert 19 can affect me at all. I mean, I don't mind staying at home.
Amanda: bother me at all.
Amanda: I do it anyways. I don't know why everybody has to be. So why do you need to be with somebody did not complete within yourself.
Amanda: If you need to be around other people, then you are not happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because your lead.
Amanda: To happiness somewhere else.
That's
Amanda: never walked out his house or off just copy for two weeks and I knew he was
Amanda: underneath those problem.
Amanda: I have nothing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But the great part about it is that you're good with it yourself. So the rest of it doesn't matter. You know what I mean.
Amanda: I go out and they're like, oh my god, I haven't been out. I was like,
Amanda: Really sure you guys waited yourself in that time.
Amanda: Should I want to say, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the stuff that you don't say that just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give us
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Amanda: You're putting it out there and I continue but I don't, but I mean I have sometimes, but that's the stuff I gotta work on. You know what I mean to put their business with and I am to like
Amanda: Don't play out something you don't want somebody to respond to. But for the most part, I just be quiet. I guess my my own business. I really do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And really, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If somebody is asking for your advice you can tell you could tell them, you know, listen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll give you, you know, I'll give you my, my advice. It might sound harsh, you might not like it, but it's just my advice. You can take it or leave it.
Amanda: Right. Ryan told me to those
Amanda: My best friends he if he wants to her. She's just going to be with you. It's gonna hurt not going to sugarcoat it probably get mad at her, but it's not the truth disaster.
Yeah.
Amanda: Tell me, oh I look
Amanda: You look good in that dress. When I look back I don't
Amanda: Have a pending, just tell me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Right. Exactly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It does. You're right.
The dream you
Amanda: Know the truth. You can say, I'm pretty guess you're being truthful. But what hurts is what you don't like to hear. Yeah.
Amanda: So,
Amanda: Nobody's honest, I'll ask my wife. She's like, no, I'm like backing out
Amanda: Good. I mean, I can tell me
Amanda: Let's look in the mirror and go ask somebody else or then I'll change just because she's not going to be honest, and I know it.
Amanda: Yeah, Africa to do it for myself and I know she's been climbing.
Amanda: And maybe that's what she likes. I don't know. But I maybe we just like to do for thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just, that's it.
Amanda: I mean, I've just looked it in several different ways. So I just I just kind of do it for myself. And if I like it if nobody else festivals and I really don't.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See ok so
Amanda: My stomach way out there and that like
I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I told my
Amanda: Wife. I think sometimes she likes
Amanda: She just been kinda whatever but don't decline. Just say the truth, I really some people can't do that anymore or ever. I don't think anybody's ever done it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. It is hard to get the truth from people
Amanda: They like little like people lie. What are they going to get out of it. What is it I haven't figured out that I don't think I have an answer to that.
Amanda: I don't know what you get out of line. What is it going to benefit anybody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that line benefits short term.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Short term feelings you know if your sugar coating something or it you know it's about getting out of that uncomfortable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Position in that moment, but
Amanda: What happened here.
Amanda: They confronted you're in that moment, then you're just looking like more of a man
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Exactly but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: People still do it all the time. It's, it's
Amanda: Like, oh, I have this I have this I have that and then
Amanda: Oh no, I lost it. It's just like, it's like a lie after lie. And I'm not saying, I've never liked because I'd like to do, please. I have
Amanda: That's what I'm trying to get out of chute or
Amanda: If I can't get away with women. Yeah, I did it, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't lie.
Amanda: Don't lie like
Amanda: I don't know. I don't
Amanda: So just girl came yesterday we bought that that Microsoft Sam the pro whatever
Amanda: Yeah, delivered it in English, she went back to cancel the order. So the next day she came back for it. And she goes, oh, I came back for that laptop and I knew who she was because she brought it the day before. And I looked at her and I said, I'm Melissa her job right now and
Amanda: Then I meet you and to kind of bring it to you later.
Amanda: And he said, Yeah, but I go into court. It was here.
Amanda: And I got in the car and I was like, well, what is she, what is she walked down that I paid for it and it's going to come back. Ready to rip me off.
Amanda: I said, Oh no, I'm going to call the police. First, like I didn't we call the place. Then I got on the phone with her and I told you, you know what I liked you this morning.
Amanda: Because I remember what you were doing. I'm not saying you're gonna rip me off and I seen it hasn't happened. But I just wasn't gonna get stuck with a 1500 dollar bill.
Hey,
Amanda: But I live, but then I told her that I like. Like I live, but then I told myself, they're like,
Amanda: I've heard, be like, oh yeah, to the house. Go get it because I really want to. Got it. But
Amanda: I guess I guess for that situation. But I ended up telling on myself because I don't feel right lying.
Right.
Amanda: Oh, nice. I didn't want to do with you. I send my information on it like I would, I just hand it over to you like
Amanda: You should have called me told me to raise it just happened. Let me know what's going on. So I can figure out what's, why not because I asked her why are you doing it so they don't give me a reason
Amanda: Just wanted to give this back to you that I signed for for no reason.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right.
Amanda: I was like, really, this
Amanda: Was literally getting in the car had to get out to talk to her. And I was like, I gotta go.
Amanda: I told her I didn't have it. Then I felt bad and I told her, like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When she say
Amanda: She says, I probably would have to. She said she understood. I said, I'm not saying that you'd rip us off. Have you heard about TV depth Cyrus that stimulus check whatever. There's one on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The old one or the new one.
Amanda: The one right now for the cobra 19
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, the 1200 bucks. Yeah.
Amanda: Everybody likes about 30 people have gotten ripped off because they go and put their bank information, not if the irs.gov they put it on a look alike, or whatever and
Amanda: He's going to do preventive health
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's supposed to better night. Yeah.
Amanda: Thank you ripped off because they're not going to the right side because they're not paying attention. Yeah.
Amanda: I couldn't
Amanda: Get that I'm not saying she would have done it. But what if it was me getting scammed I would have lost out on 1500 dollars i i signed for the first time.
Amanda: Who was to say that I was returning. She didn't really a paper does that
Amanda: Yeah, that whatever. What if that was upon
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: That's why I didn't do it.
Amanda: I
Didn't
Amanda: I didn't want to accomplish to say, oh, let's go inside the house and I really want to probably would end up fighting. But that's why I didn't do it because I wanted to tell me to give it to her now because I wouldn't have
Amanda: Were name for my weight was on
Yeah.
Amanda: So anyway, we ended up reordering it and she didn't ever come back for it kind of leave it in here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really know
Amanda: Because they got canceled six times. It wasn't our fault that I got canceled she left, she left her house was supposed to be delivered she got back it was cancelled. So in her eyes should be delivered
Amanda: So they have product out but getting that we weren't supposed to pay for. They want to pick up the product that they didn't tell me all that. So after I called
Amanda: So that we already did again.
Amanda: So then now she can account for the inventory, but she never came back for it.
Amanda: We want to understand what what is it was like yeah
Amanda: And I'm always thinking like that. I never leave my it right. I don't walk in without closing my door trust you will walk you leave it open.
Amanda: See if they're going to rate. So, do I have to break into do it my door. You only get on my door with the key in and now
Amanda: You're going to rob me and take everything they can fit for the window, which meant much, you're not gonna walk out my friend go with it because I'm paranoid. But that's right. Oh, it never happened to me. Don't walk her down his dark alley. Only the doors are locked
Amanda: Anything can happen to anybody.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you're right, especially
Amanda: For the half of the room.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it can happen to anybody.
Amanda: care what color you are, but I don't let might be a believer. People just walk in people's houses.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they do. You're right.
Amanda: You don't want your car stolen or the shit out of it, lock your door.
Amanda: That's right. I live over here and
Amanda: These are everywhere.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right now in in different areas that I used to live in. There's people that are stealing cars. They were going, actually, door to door house to house and checking people's vehicles to see if they're locked. If they're not taking them and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: small communities.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you do have to guard yourself. You do have to be careful.
Amanda: My I'm from TLC. I don't know if you know where to see the last piece is the coral in between the coral increases.
Amanda: The Oldham you know alphabet Lake
Amanda: Where are you from,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm I've only driven through New Mexico once
I'm in California.
Amanda: So, you know, we're, you know, we're all passers
Amanda: Uh huh. And Albuquerque.
Amanda: Yeah, we're in the middle, but it's like
Amanda: A little. It's a little towns are all we barely got a Walmart, like maybe eight years ago.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's it called
Amanda: t or t. Truth or Consequences. It was named after the game show for Bob Barker.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Literally
Amanda: Yeah, there was a show. Back in the day, you remember it was called true to consequences.
Amanda: Yeah, that was that's how they found got named
Amanda: Ralph Edwards and Bob Barker, the guy from a
Amanda: Oh, the prices right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So Truth or Consequences, New Mexico.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god, I've got it on the map.
Amanda: Little nobody even knows it exists.
Amanda: It's a really small town.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is crazy.
Amanda: And I'm related to half the town.
Amanda: But nobody ever lost his or her does this and I do because I am from the city or you just doesn't matter where you're from every there's always somebody somewhere.
Amanda: Just. Oh, yeah. That seems to matter what it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's true.
Amanda: And I just those old people just get out. They just don't people are really not even doing it. He's going to happen to them anything happen to anybody. What makes you any different than anybody if you have money you're black, you're white. What you don't bother nobody
Amanda: Everybody thinks I'm paranoid and
Amanda: Nothing impairment. It is
Amanda: Maybe it will never happen to me. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's try maybe, maybe you're being cautious.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's going to help it not happened to you right
Amanda: Now I'm going to prevent but those other people never stopped. They're like, Oh, I never thought this would happen to meet you know my case here, I take them here. I do this.
Amanda: Why did you ever occurred to you that it would never happen to you way to get what made you any better than anybody those
Are the big
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I, I'll tell you why.
I lived in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I lived in a small town in Oregon right on the coast right little small town everybody you know you pretty much you walk in the grocery store. You knew. Most of the people in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it was a tourist town. So in the summertime. It was packed with people right like it went from 20,000 in the wintertime to like 80,000 in the summertime.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Computer, same exact way and I never, I never thought I had teenage kids who were in and out all the time. I never locked my car, or I always liked my car. Excuse me. I never locked my front door and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wound up
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Getting together with this you know this guy that I'm with now. And he's like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your door was unlocked. Why was your front door unlocked and I was like I don't even have a key to my front door. Why would I lock it. He goes,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why wouldn't you lock it. Everything that you own, including your life and your children are in this home. Why wouldn't you guard that, why wouldn't you protect it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why wouldn't you lock that door. You don't know who's on the other side. You don't know. You know who's coming into town. You don't know what's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you you live with these blinders on to think the world is a safe place. In reality, it cannot be a safe place all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There are people out there that are out there to get whatever it is you've got, whether it be, and I've had like stuff missing from my house and I thought I chalked it up to my kids, his friend. I mean I literally, we're good.
Amanda: I forgot to myself through my older there's something missing. I'm like, oh, maybe I get it I maybe i mean if you like myself like that too, but
I agree.
Amanda: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In reality, you know, it's the truth. It lock your doors, lock your car, you know, if you want. You want to keep yourself and you want to be safe, protect yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, in that area. That's why there's locks on the doors and that's why there's lots on the cars and that's why you can unlock your car from the front door, you know,
Amanda: I've never been robbed or nephew my cousins have robbed people i don't know i mean i'm still some stores but I've never brought for people like that work for a living, because it's not for free. What if somebody had came to your house. I've heard people say you get
Amanda: A feel violated when they get rough
Amanda: You know, you never lost your house when you came home and everything was gone. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely any security that I felt in that moment would have been completely ripped away and then it would have hit me that I need to lock my door so
Amanda: Why does it
Amanda: Have to happen for it to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Matter you to do it. I don't know, I just think, if I'm thinking about how I thought of things, you know, you just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like tears.
Amanda: In your mind, but why you to keep in knowing that it was a tourist town and you as a mother being a kid, my what you might want to protect then you find out that nothing would come. Like, how did you feel like everything was okay. Yeah.
Amanda: You have I do anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, like my door. My door was closed. My kids were in the house. They're Upstairs Downstairs, the front doors in front of you. If anybody tries to come in. I'm going to know it. I have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Teenage boys.
Amanda: You know, what if he fell asleep on the couch or I don't know if the I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there's a lot of what ifs. They could have happened, that's for sure and high
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Side right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, I do. Yes, I do. For the past couple years my doors have been locked my cards locked. I double check things I wear my purse over my shoulder, you know, I'm not so
Amanda: Now are
You feel. I do.
Amanda: Before
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do when I think about it. I feel empowered.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To have the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Totally that I have the ability to protect myself were back then. I was just living, I don't know, like in a Lala land. Everything's gonna be fine. No one's going to steal for me, everything is perfectly suited. In reality, but even though things came up missing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Amanda: Where I can get different curves, because you've never, I don't know if you've ever been in trouble with the law.
Amanda: Doesn't seem like it but I guess because of where I came from. And I've seen people might
Amanda: Gain that I was mean just everything they were just takes you from people, whoever they want to. And I'm like, that isn't yours, but
Amanda: Keep your mouth shut. Do whatever it is. From there, I guess I learned it that way, but also my parents taught me to say, then you never been in trouble. You've never been around that stuff so
Amanda: Why would you protect yourself like yes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and see there's a piece of it. Okay, so I have as a child as a teenager, I was always in trouble with the law, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As an adult, I haven't been, I've been fortunate enough to miss that that realm, but I have children that have spent time in prison and that have been on the other side of being, you know, being that seed can be in that scandalous person and be going through all
Amanda: That you're having around it so
Amanda: Yeah, see,
Amanda: That's what I don't get it. Somebody who's never really been like around drugs or. Okay. So, yeah, you have a kid in prison, but
Amanda: When they first only from you and they start stealing from somebody else and you actually know what they're doing, or
Amanda: Oh yeah, my son. He's literally sitting in jail so you know what can possibly happen as opposed it to never happening around you, then you can be oblivious and blind and like
Amanda: The you knowing that all your kid was like that or did data or whatever or never sold from you, but he didn't tell the people, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: Somebody else's take you do it to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep.
Amanda: Yeah, I have a question you have kids.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Amanda: Do you believe in the death penalty. So say your daughter gets murdered.
Amanda: Whoever did that to her, would you want him to die on death row.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it would depend on the situation.
Amanda: What do you mean like
Amanda: It was a brutal, he, he, like it's a horrible thing, whatever.
Amanda: He killed her. He tortured or whatever, just do you want him to die, what he did to your child.
Amanda: Yes, or her vice versa so
Amanda: Now, what is your son was the murder.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Probably not.
Amanda: Chef a double standard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Totally
Amanda: People don't think like that.
Amanda: What about Jeffrey Dahmer his parents. They probably have to humans going to do all that stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No probably didn't
Amanda: That's where my mind is all the time. Just you never know what's going to happen.
Amanda: And you just never I'm talking to you, but I'm thinking about what's going on outside because I can hear them too but
Amanda: I never stopped. I know Steve has two hours because my mind every trip I don't ever turn the TV off because I don't have my own brain.
Amanda: But that's what goes on my mind all the time like my kids. I haven't heard from my son. I said $200 let's get as far out hasn't
Amanda: I'm having like like 10 days. I think he's in jail, what I said. I don't know if he's in jail. I just haven't heard from him.
Amanda: A call me the other day and then you started arguing
Amanda: I'm having two days now.
Amanda: They're supposed to be on zoom with us for Easter. He calls it, I'm ready. You never got on. I haven't talked to him. SINCE EASTER
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Amanda: Top 10 worst him. Maybe that and I've texted him five times.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just another man.
Amanda: I don't know.
Amanda: We never texted back all the times I text him.
Amanda: But he called Two days ago when I was at
Amanda: at Subway someone to work with Chelsea for two days just my 30 and you go
Amanda: And you said, Oh, hi. So I kept us in jail now gone came back and now around the mall can tell you that
Amanda: I'm hurting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, how old is it
Amanda: Was free
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, there you go.
Amanda: Along. It's like a tell me they're on drugs are they trying to guess what they're fighting or whatever, but I don't really even know I don't even know if I like this girl that
Amanda: She was she does, she didn't match. He has a 14 cases against her kids and
Amanda: I can hear him saying that he doesn't want people in the house, but
Amanda: As far as I can hear Marguerite, that's her house not here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Amanda: Anyway, he said yes, the other day, he was like, Oh, I've been gone and then I came back I think either she threw him out, or he she picked them off. You don't put up with it either.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One or the other one.
Amanda: Is like you did before. I'll be addicted to you so you just have it.
Amanda: Isn't kiss your ass or
Amanda: We just pretty much think we need you. And what the hell I can take care of myself.
Amanda: So I think either he through our she got mad and he left. As I said, he's been gone for a while now, but why would he have his phone. He always has his phone. I don't know what's going on, but
Amanda: I know he got in jail.
Amanda: He knows he can come out here. He just doesn't want you
Amanda: Don't want to see me to point you in company we help if you can get a little off of me for free and not pay right you don't you don't come over here.
Amanda: For a couple months but um I hadn't paid rent, where I live, where I went. You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, hey,
Amanda: Are you there moms on a payment know you're
Amanda: Looking to get out of here.
Amanda: You don't know your money, but you're going to leave. Pretty soon.
Amanda: I just can't get along with people, they're gonna lose their way and I'm a live my way
Amanda: Catlin with my family I chat with my sister, my kids, they're not going to do it my way of keeping my weight in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your space.
Amanda: Or pick up after you. That's what I was gonna tell you about your apartment, your place, whatever room. I see what happens behind closed doors, your bedroom like your sacred place like your you want your case then
Yeah.
Amanda: Why would you want to stay here.
You're waiting
Amanda: On a stranger there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: That when you left your house open, we were gone. That's the stuff that goes through my head now like anybody told me that's the stuff that I think about like
Right.
Amanda: I've always so I was raised here in Albuquerque illustration to see
Amanda: The front door was always locked
Amanda: But the bathroom was never lot but nobody ever knew that only us like we didn't I wasn't allowed to have friends. I mean, I would love to have friends, but not in my house.
Amanda: My grandma didn't want him to take care of us. Are we live there and I'm not taking care of all the neighborhood kids or whatever they come knock or whatever. But I never told my friends, my job back there was a lot
Amanda: Like oh sure, let me find my tea, and then I'd watch the game too but I did like
Amanda: It was, again, it was us. I don't think anybody knew growing up that and then we'll always my grandma's say it never but there was another half mile color right behind us. So there's two houses on my property, but
Amanda: That girl was never last one. I don't think anybody would ever checked the back door.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: You have to go through a gate. Sometimes I have to jump the fence. But it was really late and my dad. He don't let anybody in casting beautiful by 10 o'clock, you're not getting
Amanda: Like my rules and I never really lived with my dad, my she's on an argument when I was pregnant, almost lost my son. So I left and came back to my mom.
Amanda: And then when she died and I produce my dad to time to fill time I've ever lived with him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Amanda: I've never, I've never lived my parents. Those 15
Amanda: She would draw your picture me
Amanda: Showing him around my son. I never left my mom to watch her. I don't think she could have done it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: And it's like myself to go get my sister to take me to my kid and
Amanda: She helped me push
Amanda: Your labor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I meant a lot to like
Amanda: I lost my, my mom so early, so I had to take care of myself.
Amanda: Here to grow up and I'm like how my kids. What if I died. Tomorrow monkey first application now mom.
Amanda: Said,
Amanda: She won't hold on, wait.
Amanda: Can you hear me.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me, hear me. Yep.
Amanda: Yeah, I never leave. I never put both of them on because you're gonna die.
Amanda: So I go back to get the other one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's funny. I should try that too because mine. Do the same thing.
Amanda: Have they died. And then you have to take a boat out
Amanda: It's like the left
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or the right one diagnosed, it'll beep beep beep. And then it's gone. And that I can only hear out of the left
Amanda: You have
Amanda: Aaron logs for real airport
Yeah.
Amanda: She has a real airport I've watched this other ones. So I have is my thing.
Amanda: You know, know that if you touch water two times it'll work for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Amanda: If you yeah if you push on your on your airport you push two times it'll call
Amanda: Now,
Amanda: Yeah, we didn't know that till the other day of a button. You see it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Amanda: So you don't have a button.
Amanda: If you push it two times
Amanda: Yeah, it'll the radio will come on, or you'll dial. If you push one little change a song every new features. I've just done those you you just touch it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I didn't know that we accidentally
Amanda: Yes, she found out the other day because she has airports, but it's like, I don't know what your holes bigger I guess because I had, I had surgery. My ears. I don't like those ones.
Amanda: So minor different than hers, but my just his power off. It doesn't eat like hers does
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Amanda: My beep so
Amanda: That's
Amanda: Even more to me. I was like, wait.
Amanda: A minute.
Amanda: It says 100% just, you're just you have an Apple iPhone.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so when I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When I open my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Air pod charger thing, it'll tell me on my phone.
Amanda: How
Amanda: That are like, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Amanda: Most of the time, not always, when you
Amanda: Know,
Amanda: When you have the apple connect you to an Android. It doesn't tell you until you first connect those who just with battery life.
Amanda: I know it's the most
Amanda: Yeah, I know. What's the most easiest operating system. I don't like it might to my kids love it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think for me, the thing about Apple is the fact that it's it's harder to get a virus with Apple
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then what is a regular computer have a good professional
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's what I think.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's kind of what I like about it. So anyways, Amanda. Get off.
Amanda: All right, I'll see you tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I will see you tomorrow. Now listen, next week. This time, excuse me, the right time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I promise I'll be there.
Amanda: I hope I will have to do you ever take I'll be doing
Amanda: Okay, so tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, for sure. I'll see you tomorrow. Keep that smile on your face and keep doing what you're doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Please give
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Good evening. Okay. You too.
Amanda: All
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.